tests/scenario_stock_shipment_in.rst, before:

==========================
Stock Shipment In Scenario
==========================

Imports::

    >>> import datetime as dt
    >>> from decimal import Decimal
    >>> from proteus import Model
    >>> from trytond.tests.tools import activate_modules
    >>> from trytond.modules.company.tests.tools import create_company, \
    ...     get_company

    >>> today = dt.date.today()
    >>> yesterday = today - dt.timedelta(days=1)

Activate modules::

    >>> config = activate_modules('stock_reschedule')

Create company::

    >>> _ = create_company()
    >>> company = get_company()

Create supplier::

    >>> Party = Model.get('party.party')
    >>> supplier = Party(name='Supplier')
    >>> supplier.save()

Create product::

    >>> ProductUom = Model.get('product.uom')
    >>> ProductTemplate = Model.get('product.template')
    >>> Product = Model.get('product.product')
    >>> unit, = ProductUom.find([('name', '=', 'Unit')])
    >>> template = ProductTemplate()
    >>> template.name = 'Product'
    >>> template.default_uom = unit
    >>> template.type = 'goods'
    >>> template.list_price = Decimal('20')
    >>> template.save()
    >>> product, = template.products

Get stock locations::

    >>> Location = Model.get('stock.location')
    >>> storage_loc, = Location.find([('code', '=', 'STO')])
    >>> supplier_loc, = Location.find([('code', '=', 'SUP')])
    >>> warehouse_loc, = Location.find([('code', '=', 'WH')])

Create Shipment In::

    >>> ShipmentIn = Model.get('stock.shipment.in')
    >>> shipment_in = ShipmentIn()
    >>> shipment_in.planned_date = yesterday
    >>> shipment_in.supplier = supplier
    >>> shipment_in.warehouse = warehouse_loc
    >>> move = shipment_in.moves.new()
    >>> move.product = product
    >>> move.uom =unit
    >>> move.quantity = 1
    >>> move.from_location = storage_loc
    >>> move.to_location = supplier_loc
    >>> move.company = company
    >>> move.unit_price = Decimal('1')
    >>> move.currency = company.currency
    >>> shipment_in.save()
    >>> shipment_in.state
    'draft'

Reschedule shipment::

    >>> Cron = Model.get('ir.cron')
    >>> cron = Cron(method='stock.shipment.in|reschedule')
    >>> cron.interval_number = 1
    >>> cron.interval_type = 'months'
    >>> cron.click('run_once')
    >>> shipment_in.reload()
    >>> shipment_in.planned_date == today
    True

Commit message:

Reschedule incoming moves without shipment (#2)
* Reschedule incoming moves without shipment
#167317

* Rename reschedule_incoming_move_domain method name

---------

Co-authored-by: Raimon Esteve <raimonesteve@gmail.com>

tests/scenario_stock_shipment_in.rst, after:

==========================
Stock Shipment In Scenario
==========================

Imports::

    >>> import datetime as dt
    >>> from decimal import Decimal
    >>> from proteus import Model
    >>> from trytond.tests.tools import activate_modules
    >>> from trytond.modules.company.tests.tools import create_company, \
    ...     get_company

    >>> today = dt.date.today()
    >>> yesterday = today - dt.timedelta(days=1)

Activate modules::

    >>> config = activate_modules('stock_reschedule')

Create company::

    >>> _ = create_company()
    >>> company = get_company()

Create supplier::

    >>> Party = Model.get('party.party')
    >>> supplier = Party(name='Supplier')
    >>> supplier.save()

Create product::

    >>> ProductUom = Model.get('product.uom')
    >>> ProductTemplate = Model.get('product.template')
    >>> Product = Model.get('product.product')
    >>> unit, = ProductUom.find([('name', '=', 'Unit')])
    >>> template = ProductTemplate()
    >>> template.name = 'Product'
    >>> template.default_uom = unit
    >>> template.type = 'goods'
    >>> template.list_price = Decimal('20')
    >>> template.save()
    >>> product, = template.products

Get stock locations::

    >>> Location = Model.get('stock.location')
    >>> storage_loc, = Location.find([('code', '=', 'STO')])
    >>> supplier_loc, = Location.find([('code', '=', 'SUP')])
    >>> warehouse_loc, = Location.find([('code', '=', 'WH')])

Create Shipment In::

    >>> ShipmentIn = Model.get('stock.shipment.in')
    >>> shipment_in = ShipmentIn()
    >>> shipment_in.planned_date = yesterday
    >>> shipment_in.supplier = supplier
    >>> shipment_in.warehouse = warehouse_loc
    >>> move = shipment_in.moves.new()
    >>> move.product = product
    >>> move.uom = unit
    >>> move.quantity = 1
    >>> move.from_location = storage_loc
    >>> move.to_location = supplier_loc
    >>> move.company = company
    >>> move.unit_price = Decimal('1')
    >>> move.currency = company.currency
    >>> shipment_in.save()
    >>> shipment_in.state
    'draft'

Create incoming move::

    >>> StockMove = Model.get('stock.move')
    >>> move_in = StockMove()
    >>> move_in.planned_date = yesterday
    >>> move_in.product = product
    >>> move_in.uom = unit
    >>> move_in.quantity = 2
    >>> move_in.from_location = supplier_loc
    >>> move_in.to_location = storage_loc
    >>> move_in.unit_price = Decimal('1')
    >>> move_in.currency = company.currency
    >>> move_in.save()
    >>> move_in.planned_date == yesterday
    True

Reschedule shipment::

    >>> Cron = Model.get('ir.cron')
    >>> cron = Cron(method='stock.shipment.in|reschedule')
    >>> cron.interval_number = 1
    >>> cron.interval_type = 'months'
    >>> cron.click('run_once')
    >>> shipment_in.reload()
    >>> shipment_in.planned_date == today
    True
    >>> move_in.reload()
    >>> move_in.planned_date == today
    True
